About the Authors
=================


**Ethan Manilow** is a PhD candidate in Computer Science at Northwestern
University under advisor Prof. Bryan Pardo. His research lies in the
intersection of signal processing and machine learning, with a focus on source
separation, automatic music transcription, and open source datasets and
applications. Previously he was an intern at Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs
(MERL) and at Google Magenta. He is one of the lead developers of nussl, an
open source audio separation library.

[website.](https://ethman.github.io/) [twitter.](https://twitter.com/ethanmanilow)


**Prem Seetharaman** is a research scientist at Descript in San Francisco.
Previously, he was a teaching fellow at Northwestern University, where he
received his PhD in 2019 advised by Bryan Pardo. The objective of his research
is to create machines that can understand the auditory world. He works in
computer audition, machine learning, and human computer interaction. He is one
of the lead developers of nussl, an open source audio separation library, and
Scaper, a library for soundscape generation & augmentation.

[website.](https://pseeth.github.io/) [twitter.](https://twitter.com/pseetharaman)


**Justin Salamon** is a research scientist and member of the Audio Research
Group at Adobe Research in San Francisco. Previously he was a senior research
scientist at the Music and Audio Research Laboratory and Center for Urban
Science and Progress of New York University. His research focuses on the
application of machine learning and signal processing to audio & video, with
applications in machine listening, representation learning & self-supervision,
music information retrieval, bioacoustics, environmental sound analysis and
open-source software & data. He is the lead developer of Scaper, a library for
soundscape generation & augmentation.

[website.](https://www.justinsalamon.com/) [twitter.](https://twitter.com/justin_salamon)
